Follow-up for canonical se/de after an additional round of review (#588)
FuelLabs/fuel-vm: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

- [#586](https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuel-vm/pull/586): Added `default_asset` method to the `ContractIdExt` trait implementation, to mirror the `default` method on AssetId in the Sway std lib.

### Changed
#### Breaking

- [#578](https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuel-vm/pull/578): Support `no_std` environments for `fuel-crypto`, falling back to a pure-Rust crypto implementation.
- [#582](https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuel-vm/pull/582): Make `fuel-vm` and `fuel-tx` crates compatible with `no_std` + `alloc`. This includes reworking all error handling that used `std::io::Error`, replacing some `std::collection::{HashMap, HashSet}` with `hashbrown::{HashMap, HashSet}` and many changes to feature-gating of APIs.

> - [#588](https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuel-vm/pull/588): Removed `SerialziedSize` and `SerialziedFixedSize` traits. Removed support for `SIZE_NO_DYNAMIC` and `SIZE_STATIC`. Removed enum attributes from derive macro for `Serialize` and `Deserialize` traits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#588](https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuel-vm/pull/588): Removed `SerializedSize` and `SerializedFixedSize` traits. Removed support for `SIZE_NO_DYNAMIC` and `SIZE_STATIC`. Removed enum attributes from derive macro for `Serialize` and `Deserialize` traits.
```

#### Removed

> - [#588](https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuel-vm/pull/588): .

Author: I accidentally moved in to `Changed` section=D
